Fix Cloud documentation structure and consolidate issue resolver information (#8558)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/cloud/openhands-cloud.md

# OpenHands Cloud

OpenHands Cloud is the hosted cloud version of All Hands AI's OpenHands.

## Accessing OpenHands Cloud

To get started with OpenHands Cloud, visit [app.all-hands.dev](https://app.all-hands.dev).

You'll be prompted to connect with your GitHub or GitLab account:

> 1. After reading and accepting the terms of service, click `Connect to GitHub` or `Connect to GitLab`.
> 2. Review the permissions requested by OpenHands and authorize the application.
>    - OpenHands will require certain permissions from your account. To read more about these permissions,
>      you can click the `Learn more` link on the authorization page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click `Log in with GitHub` or `Log in with GitLab`.
2. Review the permissions requested by OpenHands and authorize the application.
   - OpenHands will require certain permissions from your account. To read more about these permissions,
     you can click the `Learn more` link on the authorization page.
```

## Next Steps

Once you've connected your account, you can:

- [Install GitHub Integration](./github-installation.md) to use OpenHands with your GitHub repositories
- [Install GitLab Integration](./gitlab-installation.md) to use OpenHands with your GitLab repositories

> - [Access the Cloud UI](./cloud-ui.md) to interact with the web interface

Reviewer: I'm confused why there is a OpenHands Cloud doc and a Cloud UI. The Cloud UI seems unnecessary?

Author: We could discuss this, but I think it makes the usage flow more clear. It's basically:

1. Log in
2. Add repo access
3. Use openhands through the UI
4. Use openhands through the resolver
5. Use openhands through the API

If we don't have a page about using the UI, it's a bit hard to structure the user journey in a consistent way.

Reviewer: Alright. Sounds good. Let's see how it plays out and iterate.
